Hey, hey, hey.
[Music]
We love See the stars
out
in the living room.
We
dismay.
[Music]
Fore!
Foreign! Foreign!
[Music]
Hey, hey, hey.
Sh.
[Music]
No,
No, no, no.
[Music]
Yo yo yo yo yo.
Shout out super pony roll the song.
Um,
cool cool. Who's there?
It is baddy.
The baddy here.
Okay,
let me
do this.
Cool. He said Baba Baba
Baba do baddaddy see baddy do. Right.
Okay. Okay. Um hello everyone.
more Doom today obviously. Um, who
someone wanted to save the survivors
guilt project file. Um, I just want to
let you know that I opened it and it's
still loading.
Will it actually load? We'll see. These
the Monarch project files are pretty
hefty.
Oh. Would
you look at that?
Here is the
Yep. Here's the project file for
Survivor's Guild.
Um,
see what there is to see.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. As I
expected.
This project file is very hefty. Let's
change the buffer size to 2048. I might
have to take off the master. We'll see.
Let's try playing it.
[Music]
Okay. Well,
the Okay. First of all, let me show you
my master.
It's a utility going negative 5 dB
into the Slicky Q Master M. And I should
have
bit of a fun little EQ curve going
um
going into the oxide. This thing was
great for Monarch. I don't really I
hadn't I didn't really use this very
much on um Love and Pony Step because uh
tape tends to add way too much low end
for like EDM stuff, but for Monarch, we
were we were running the uh the Oxide on
this one. The soothe over here is taking
out some
low resonances.
And there's a promb that's doing Oh,
this is really interesting. I normally
don't go more than four bands on Prombb
anymore. So, this is fascinating to look
at.
[Music]
Oh, one of the synthesizers is freaking
out. I think there's probably a Roland
uh synthesizer in here. I'll explain
that in a moment. But if you hear some
weird scratchy noise, that's what it
does. Um, this curve afterwards.
Another Promb MB. And I think it's
mainly just working on this stuff here.
Yeah. Okay. There's a proc too with the
mastering style. And this is not
[Music]
almost three I was about to say 3 GB
almost three dB of compression there. I
have Bloom and this I always use this
for the stereo widening.
You can see I'm working mostly in side
mode and I'm mostly just boosting stereo
information except taking it out in the
low end of course. Um
another low boost for whatever reason.
Um, more low cut. I This was a really
weird chain. And then this one is just
the uh
taking out some of this stuff.
And then finally, the uh the Weiss Mark
III. This thing is great for rock music
cuz you can get really transparent
limiting on it without too much
artifacting. This thing kind of sucks
for EDM music because um the transfer
curve for the compressor and the limiter
is pretty uh it's it's a pretty wide
slope. And what that means is that the
compression will be a little bit more
fluttery and have more movement. For EDM
music, you want less movement for your
compression. You want things to be
pretty transparent. But for Monarch, the
the DSR DS1 Mark III by Weiss was like
really great because you can get so much
gain without too much hassle on more
dynamic material like this. Um, but I'm
going to take this off for a second
because this is causing a lot of
latency. Um,
so no more master. Say goodbye to the
master chain. But that was the master
chain. Here's without the master chain
now.
Oh my be ashes.
Actually, there's already a lot of
latency still. Why is there a lot of Oh,
I have a dclick on the vocals. That
makes sense.
That makes sense. Uh I've been running
uh RXD click on vocals now cuz I get
really like whatever about hearing the
clicks and pops and stuff. I don't feel
like doing it manually. Let me just
remove that. I don't think it matters
for this demonstration.
And then let's hear master because I'm
sure that's giving us some latency. I
didn't check.
Okay.
So,
what's fun is that um these are some
drums that I played on the keyboard.
So, this is like hand played. It is
looped, but the the beat itself is hand
played. But
later on, oh actually, where is it?
Around here, I do a programmed beat on
top of it.
Just this.
It's really subtle, but to be completely
honest, there's a 999 open high hat in
the song, which is awesome.
So, there's that. I also have a DMX drum
machine that's actually taking the MIDI
from the main drum track and using that
as a source to do this.
So that's how we're able to get such a
fat drum thing here.
[Music]
How do I process these two? Oh, not
much. Um I think a lot of the processing
is being done on addictive drum side.
Um
[Music]
where's our
might be the overheads?
Yeah, the overhead mic is what's giving
the um the drums I think most of its
character. It is going through a comp.
Um very slight. Is that even giving
anything?
That's not even doing any compression.
So
Oh, wait.
Maybe not.
Interesting. Um, yeah, the fact that
there's 99 high hats is like really
funny. Uh, I think most of the
processing is being done through this
thing essentially.
Just a pro MB.
[Music]
Okay. So now, okay, now where is that
pesky synthesizer coming from?
Not this one. Here are the guitar
tracks, by the way.
I love these.
[Music]
not doing a guitar rig situation.
But what was I looking for? I was
looking for this.
So,
here's the problem. Um, I have I was
using some Roland synthesizers. I I was
using some Roland synthesizers for this
album. And
with the synthesizers themselves,
there's nothing necessarily wrong with
them, but Roland's DRM is dog [__]
Absolute [__] abysmal dog [__]
Garbage. Guys, if you want to make
music, Roland's hardware is awesome.
Roland's software is garbage. Do not buy
software from Roland. It is terrible. I
have to uh log into my Roland account on
my computer like every other month just
to make sure my synthesizer is running
correctly because they automatically log
you out from the plugin
in Ableton or whatever doll you're
using. They like log you out for no
reason.
In order to avoid this, you have to have
the Roland Cloud application open, which
is fun. And the Roland Cloud
application, in my experience, causes
huge memory leaks for my computer. I um
had the uh I had it open 24/7 at one
point. I noticed I was I had like 150
gigabytes left on my computer. And then
slowly but surely over the course of
like 20 minutes, I was watching that
number just go down and down and down
and down and down. I was like, "What the
[__] is going on?" And so I was trying
to check on my background tasks. I
realized that the Roland Cloud
application was just draining memory and
storage for no reason. When I
uninstalled it, everything was fine. It
just stopped happening.
In order to
you can't you don't get to load a
license file onto these. You don't get
to like log in and it's like done until
you like uninstall it or something. It
literally rolling [__] is have our
proprietary application open at all
times or else you don't get to use your
software that you paid for. I paid
perpetual licenses for this by the way.
This is not subscription. I paid for
this already.
Can you imagine if I was like, you know,
not using the internet cuz you know you
don't always want to use the internet.
You're just [__] If you're not logged
in, you don't have internet, you're
[__] No rolling for you.
And their demo mode is terrible.
Um, you'll hear if I play this um,
that insane distortion. It just starts
doing that in demo mode intermittently.
It's really nice of them to do.
So, [__] you, Roland. I hate you.
Anyway,
[Music]
Trying too hard.
I really like the the texture I was able
to get out of this of this melody stem.
So, part of a part of the the magic of
this stuff is it's not just guitar. So,
there's these guitar stems here.
There's these guitar stems here. Oh,
that's not guitar. There's the guitar.
And I just like played these. Um,
most of Monarch I did on
uh just a a Squire Affinity HSS.
I have a bunch of other guitars now. So,
it's like really I was talking about
this a lot in the leadup to Monarch, how
I just did most of this album with one
with the same Squire affinity. Um, I
don't know. Like the tone you can get
out of that thing is kind of crazy.
This is not bad.
Double track. So, there's one on the
left, one on the right. And I think that
each amp is slightly different.
AC and red on this one. And then that's
also AC. But
are the curves different?
Nope. Okay. Well, it sounds fine. So,
um, but just the guitars by themselves
uh don't they don't feel as atmospheric.
And so, what kind of helps move these
along a bit more is I have
this M1 situation going on.
which is doubling on that melody. So you
get this instead.
[Music]
I don't remember what this was. I must
have flattened it. I don't know if this
is a synth that I made or if it was uh
some sort of oneshot, but
I wonder if I can find uh
show some more files.
[Music]
Oh, you know what this was? This was
actually a serum patch. This was this is
originally a a a serum patch. Um, and
then I rendered it to audio and then
used it as a oneshot because it sounded
too This is going to sound funny. It
sounded too dynamic and too like free in
Serum and I wanted it to sound like the
CMI uh the CMI sampler because this this
uh song is definitely me channeling like
Peter Gabriel [__] So I was like in
order to make this sound more fake and
less like a synthesizer, more like a
sampler, uh I just took a one shot of
the synth that I had done and um put it
in here. It might have been a a preset
as well, but I don't remember what
preset it was.
But I rendered it to audio so it would
be more fake sounding.
I think the original patch was
attempting to sound like a guitar.
Yeah.
And then this shitty ass rolling thing
is the one that's just playing this.
Um,
what else in this area? And this Nexus
patch
which this is the Kawawaii upbrite K3
which ironically this is the same piano
patch used at the beginning of pest
although it's filtered quite
differently.
So when you listen to the whole melody
stem here it sounds like this.
[Music]
So, it's like all these like small
sounds sort of add up to a really big
sound. The guitar is still the most
prominent thing, but all these little
parts add a little like harmonic texture
to everything.
Um, what else here? Here's
a baseline I played.
And
I wanted it to sound as tight as
possible. So, you notice that anytime
that there's that I wasn't playing a
note, I basically just cut out I
basically just cut out the silence. So,
there would be absolutely zero noise cuz
a gate wasn't heavy-handed enough and I
needed to be this precise.
This is all still one recording as you
can see, but basically I'm changing the
silence to be absolutely zero.
And anytime you have one of these things
that's always removing the zero crossing
clicks that comes from [__]
and that that was my an Ibanz geo that I
was doing and that was just going into
this. There's actually no amp on this.
It's just the saturator and this stomp
compressor. There's no amplifier on the
on the bass on this guitar.
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh, okay. This thing forgot about this.
[Applause]
So, what's funny about this is
[Music]
[Applause]
is this wasn't actually written for the
song. I was just playing around on my
guitar and I was recording it. I was
just playing whatever I wanted to and
then I actually brought it in later and
added it to this song cuz I thought it
worked out well.
is trying too hard. The silence is a
bastard.
So if I mute the vocal track, this is
what the instrumental part sounds like
here.
[Applause]
[Music]
And basically
by technicality in if you wanted to play
this song fully live you would need
three guitarists. So one for this part,
one for this part
and one for this part. Not that one.
This one.
[Music]
Oh, four guitarists because there's a
Sorry. Whoops. So, this list this guitar
layer,
[Music]
this one, not that one, this one,
this one,
and this one.
[Applause]
[Music]
And all of these are like double or
triple track. Like this one
has three different versions playing. So
there's this one,
this one,
and this one. Those are all different
takes coming together to make this one
take.
[Music]
Now, you wouldn't really have to have
this many playing at the same time in a
live performance setting cuz uh the sort
of width and like depth is not going to
be as perceptible live anyway. So you
would just have one person playing this.
Um,
and then you know, so there's like four
guitar tracks happening all at the same
time here. Um, which is actually pretty
standard in recorded music. And then
usually in a live setting, they will
like pick and choose what parts are
actually going to get played, etc. Um,
let's see if there's anything like
particularly interesting. Oh, well.
[Applause]
[Music]
So, this thing here,
I also wanted this to sound like a a CMI
fair light synthesizer. Um, so this is
done in the sampled fashion as well. But
what this source sound actually is is
Oh, it's not actually going to show me.
Hold on. I have to do show similar.
Show similar.
[Music]
Okay, it's not going to show me. It It
refuses.
Then go to here and then go to
here, please. Oh my god, it's just a
folder. Relax.
There we go. That's That's the source
sound.
Is it's this Galen Typton oneshot.
Um, it has a filter.
So, I turned the filter off. It sounds
like this.
Has a little bit of extra air on it. So,
I added a a filter. And I think I'm
using the envelope to pluck it a little
bit.
Using a random panning to make it go
left and right. Having this little Vala
delay here.
This Percy 2 is putting in a lot of work
doing compression. And then I have a
Sketch cassette making it sound a little
bit more crunchy.
Um,
I really like how this sounds in the
context of the song. One of my favorite
sounds on the song.
What else here? I have this sound which
I really like.
[Music]
And this is an Omnisphere patch. It's
going to be probably one of the piano
ones. Yeah, it's the Doiola Ensemble,
which is a a Kscape creative patch,
which is okay. So Kscape isn't really a
part of Omnisphere, but its library
shows up in Omnosphere. So it's
technically a Keyscape instrument, not
an Omnisphere instrument. It's a
combination of like two douliola sounds
and then I guess three of them and they
all have like shifting tambber in this
whole situation. I don't even know how
the tambber module works in Omnosphere.
It's really weird, but it makes it sound
in this case really distorted and odd,
kind of dissonant, kind of glitchy. Um,
but I wanted it to sound like a really
[__] up D-tuned piano.
And so having that accent parts here
Should
[Music]
we go to the uh
So, okay. Here's here's some of my other
favorite stuff. Here is here's the
alternating guitars.
[Music]
And the way this was technically done is
I played two separate melodies. I just I
wasn't even really paying attention to
what they sounded like together. Um I'm
going to mute the vocal track and then
mute one of these. Here's what one
sounds like.
[Applause]
And then I turned that off and recorded
this by itself.
And then I put them together and
assemble like this.
[Music]
[Applause]
And
[Music]
[Applause]
oh yeah, so this the sound I was showing
earlier
is the same session where I made these
sounds.
[Music]
[Applause]
If I turn this off, is this uh
Okay, so unfortunately I don't have the
original chain I used to create this. Um
I think I was using a a wave folder.
Um,
don't take my word for it one to one,
but I think what I did was I used this
cold fire plugin on the guitar and I
went into uh wave folder mode and I
think I chose something like the howl
mode cuz you know
cuz why not? And that was what gave it a
really distorted weird glitchiness
thing. It was a type of distortion that
is supposed to be more profound for like
monoponic sources, but in this case, I
was using it for chords. So, that's what
imparted this weird texture on top of
it.
[Music]
It's using the same processing chain
over here, except
[Music]
[Applause]
that sounds clearer because it's
monophonic. I'm only playing one note at
a time.
[Music]
and these sounds.
So, fun thing about this is this is the
original sound unedited.
[Music]
And this is one of my favorite sounds uh
in the experimental stuff I was doing.
So what this is
Oh, hello.
What this is is this sound was created
using one of these. This is an ebo for
those who don't know. And what you do
with an ebo is when you have a guitar,
you place one of the strings inside this
socket here and then you move this
sensor over one of the guitar um one of
the guitar pickups. And what happens is
this starts electromagnetically
um interacting with the electronics of
whatever the active pickup is. And the
effect that happens is this vibrates
that string. So it's as if you're
plucking it continuously infinitely very
fast. So it just sounds like a humming
noise. This is supposed to be for
guitars because guitar strings are
thinner um and their pickups tend to be
easier to get into with one of these.
But what I did in this case was I took
an Evo.
I actually put it up really close to my
bass guitar instead and was able to get
the sound out of it.
[Music]
And then what I did was I I pitch
shifted it and changed the length and it
sounded like this.
Actually, I'll I'll show how you even
arrive there. So, you can obviously
change the pitch with this wheel here.
[Music]
And you can also choose the warp mode.
So, right now, you notice if I change
the pitch of this, it's going to change
the length as well. But if you turn on a
warp mode and I start changing the
pitch, now the length of the clip is not
moving at all because the warp algorithm
is choosing how to stretch the audio.
And in this case, I was using complex
pro which imparts a really distinct
smeared granular texture to it. So
again, one more time pitching it up and
down without any warping.
[Music]
Now, let's turn on warp mode again. And
now I'm going to change the pitch with
the warp mode on. And sound like this.
[Music]
So, I basically
took out this part here,
added a little fade in,
pitched up by 18, turned on the warp
mode, and then it became this sound.
[Music]
[Applause]
And what was this?
Oh, that's that's actually the same
recording as uh this
this was a very long recording as you
can see.
[Music]
This whole recording I just like gutted
to use for the song in a bunch of
different places and you'll hear that
quite often.
Um, okay.
What else?
Chills and raers
out on the edge of my mind. Oh my. Don't
you fear that?
[Music]
Oh, and then of course there's also my
favorite little meow meows which sound
like this.
[Music]
[Applause]
So, I did a bunch of those for this
album, of course.
[Applause]
[Music]
without
lay down.
So, on top of that, the side to side
guitar thing I was doing, now we bring
in this little texture here in the
background.
[Music]
Take whatever pleases. Take whatever
you find.
Now, I'm sure everyone's probably most
interested in at this point at the
ending part here
because, you know,
[Music]
[Applause]
had I did the silly guitar part. So,
I've demonstrated this before. I wonder
if I can I can do this right now. Um,
let's take one of these
How well does this show up?
So, I did not use this guitar, but
what you basically do
is you can use sort of use whatever
object you want, but in this case, I'm
going to use an actual slide,
left hand
slide here,
and
[Music]
like that.
And then I've explained this before, but
the angle you have this at and the
motion you make is what imparts the most
weirdness for it.
obviously it sounds crazier with a with
an amplifier, but I just don't feel like
doing that right now.
Um, anyway,
vocal effects chain. Well, I mean, the
main one is
[Music]
useless. There is an auto tune on here.
It's actually not really doing much cuz
a lot of this is just screaming.
Um,
first EQ in the chain here.
This Percy 2. This this is a D clip
because if you look at the signal,
there are some parts where it just it
just it just clips and I did not I this
[__] took so much out of me. I didn't
feel like re-recording them. So, uh,
Dclipip fixed most of it.
Um,
there's an L2A here.
Another EQ curve. This EQ curve.
Importantly, there's a band split on
Saturn where the low end has slight
drive and the high end has more drive to
give it that sparkle.
Pro MV during this situation. Right
down.
Micro shift is imparting just a little
bit of space. And if I turn this off, it
sounds like this. Lay right down. And
then back on. Could lay right down.
Uh this is just a parallel processing
for this Vala delay, which if I turn
this off sounds like this lay down. So
that
um more high-end boost. This EQ. What
this is doing is let me go here. is
there are parts where I need to automate
the EQ because of just some vocal
recording [__]
So this thisloive had too much low end
in it. So what's happening is as you
watch this play out you'll see this
curve take out the low end
just for that one possive.
So there's a lot of stuff where I'm
doing that because just the vocal
recording needs needs that kind of fix.
And so that's what all that automation
is and that's what the channel EQ is. Um
and then just a delay that gets uh
modulated is turned off and on.
[Music]
just too much.
So, here's here's the bass.
If I take off all the processing, it
sounds like this.
So, it is it is a real bass guitar. And
uh let's let's go through and uh put
this thing together.
So, in order to get this bass sound,
first we start with this guitar rig 7 um
which is also doing the same uh
distortion, the same saturation and
stomp compressor as the previous
version. So sound like this
[Music]
OTT cuz you know there you go.
This ProQ3 um taking out this resonance
cuz this was getting pretty pesky as you
can tell.
Saturn 2 does this
very subtle just uh tape saturation
stuff. I actually put a DBX 160 on here.
I don't even use this very often, but
this helps just control things a tiny
bit.
Um, with this utility, I did a phase
flip because the unflipped version was
interrupting the the rest of the
instruments a little bit too much.
Then taking out these frequencies
dynamically.
LA 2A for compression purposes.
Um, glue compressor. This is this is
basically taking the signal of the kick
drum from here.
You can see this is being compressed
based on that kick drum.
And then this EQ curve which is bringing
out
all that stuff.
And then I did another phase flip
because I had [__] up the phases by
doing this and this already.
Uh oh, and uh no, that that was that was
already flipped. So I flipped the phase
twice for whatever reason. Um and then
bring out more of the high end here.
So all that off again sounds like this.
And then it turns into this.
We got this here.
This is in two parts. There's this one.
This is just noise.
And I think I think that's all this way.
Yeah, here's the unprocessed version of
that.
And then it's basically just going
through guitar rig proq3 and a fuzz
pedal.
And then there's this part.
Basically, I picked a chord and as I was
playing it, I would start bending it
upwards.
So, I would get this like sort of
droning.
[Music]
If you're not paying attention, you
might even mistake that as being a voice
in context of the song.
And of course the other thing imparting
texture is this stuff.
[Applause]
[Music]
And that I think still comes from this
original recording. This one.
Oh, wait.
This this one
[Music]
again. And this recording was really
long of just me playing random [__]
putting it together later. And then this
here
[Applause]
[Music]
I turned this up 24 dB. So it's supposed
to look like this normally.
[Music]
And again, unfortunately, I can't show
the chain for the original chain for
this because um I must have flattened
it, but I think uh I'm pretty sure it
was that cold fire plugin was doing a
lot of the distortion waveolding.
It's just guitar. It's me just playing
random chords and stuff that were in key
with the song.
[Music]
So that's that's survivors guilt.
That is a that
So, shout out to uh Survivors Gall.
Yeah. I wonder if there's anything
interesting in the uh my love as a quick
scope project file. I don't I'm starting
to forget already. So,
and obviously there the difficulty is
not just doing this stuff, but also
having the idea to do this stuff.
A lot of that comes from you just having
to listen to a lot of music and exposing
yourself to like art and stuff.
Uh, what am I doing? I'm looking for
Love and Pony stuff and then my love is
a quick scope.
Something you'll want to learn from uh
looking at my projects is how much you
can do with just EQ.
EQ can be the difference between pretty
much everything in your song. Doesn't it
doesn't just help things slot together
contextually. You can use it so much for
tone shaping and everything.
The wallflower project might crash my
computer for now. So, no right now. Um,
I remember last time I tried to open it,
I basically took like an hour for me to
struggle to get Ableton to open it,
but I think I did show it on stream
once.
Anyway, here's my love as a quick scope.
[Applause]
I think it's buffering the drum samples
right now.
Well, while it's doing this, hold on.
Sludge is out of the question because
that was two project files. I don't even
have stems for that one.
I might try my best to put it together
at some point, but for now, sludge is
kind of a no-go.
Um,
come on. Buffer the goddamn drum
samples.
[Music]
[Applause]
Come on. There we go.
Oh, it's referring again.
Like, holy [__] you can do it. I
believe in you, you [__] Anyway,
while it's doing that, um, the intro of
My Love as a Chriscope is actually a
reference to this song.
Goodbye.
[Music]
I was going through the hit kit samples,
so I was like, "Holy [__] that's the
one that Zomboy used at the beginning of
this thing."
Goodbye.
Um, let me see if I can find it. Uh, hit
kit here and it's in SFX and it's in
radio.
There it is.
I found that. I was like, "Holy [__] my
neurons activated." Um, funny thing is
is that also in uh
in the underscore song,
shoot to kill, kill your darlings.
[Applause]
[Music]
Most of these radio sounds are from
here.
[Applause]
you basically the hit kit, this sample
pack has been used by like millions and
millions of producers. It's literally
like one of the one of the mainstay
sample packs that every person and their
mother has used. Um, and the reason why
it's so popular is because a lot of it
is just curated. Like a lot of it isn't
even stuff that the original pack maker
made. They just curated like the best of
the best from everywhere and put it in
one folder. Um,
it has like your most bread and butter
sounds for everything you can think of,
especially drums. And so, everyone has
used the hit kit. Like, everybody has
used the hit kit. That's the lore of
that. But very specifically, Skrillex
was a very big hitkit user. And
underscores, like me, is a huge fan of
Skrillex and early Skrillex at that. And
so guaranteed what underscores was
thinking was she was probably looking
for Skrillex samples like stuff that
Skrillex used found the hit kit and part
of what she does is use hitkit sounds
you know as homage to Skrillex. A lot of
people aren't going to pick up on that
but a lot of underscore stuff is like
Skrillex worship in secret.
Um
I could think of more examples at some
point but I can't right now. My brain is
a little fried. I also haven't listened
to underscore as much this year. So, but
yeah, go find the hit kit volume 3 and
uh use it. A lot of great stuff in here.
Um anyway, uh my love is a quick scope.
[Music]
Here, let's let let me expand all the
groups so you can see how many layers
are in this song because there are a lot
of layers.
In order to get songs to sound like
this, you have to put a lot of stuff
together.
So, this this is my love as a quick
scope expanded. It's like the whole
thing.
Oh, wait. Just kidding.
Anything else? Oh, this one. Anything
else? Anyone? Anyone still hiding?
Okay, I think we're good. This is like
the whole project. A lot of stuff going
on. So,
be advised, hostile guard inbound.
[Music]
So just here alone we have
which is a patch I made in vital
that's just a sine wave some white noise
and there's two copies of it one for the
right channel
and one for the left channel and then
they're both going into just one EQ I
[Music]
Oh, I'm kind of curious. How did I Okay,
the reason why it sounds so weird is cuz
basically I'm taking the noise
oscillator or taking the white noise
playing on wave table 2 and I'm FMMing a
sine wave using using the uh the
[Music]
And then this
just a plain just a plain saw wave cuz
why not?
I in this in this album I was like
letting myself using the plane saw. What
is this thing?
Oh, this is the Pokemon Diamond Pearl
piano.
[Music]
So that's what that is.
Um,
okay. Here's some Here's like some of
the big Here's some of the big lore of
the album. And I mean big big big lore.
This sound every second.
So,
you're going to hear this sound a lot.
You're going to hear this recording.
This is a very long recording, by the
way.
You're going to hear this recording a
lot throughout the album. Okay. And
it's there's two of them. There's this
one and there's a zombies one. Um,
this is a recording of Silver and I, our
mutual friend from 12 years ago. 12 Oh,
no, no, no, no. 13 years ago, actually.
Um,
basically
Silver was in a phone call with this
person and a few other people and
uh they we everyone must have been like
11 or 12 years old
and we ba Silver basically recorded this
like gamer rage moment from our friend.
Um, it was juvenile. It was stupid, but
that's what 12-year-olds do, juvenile
stupid things. And
Silver was talking to me about it uh
last year and was like, "Hey, you
remember that [__] recording we had
of our friend Dylan
and uh with with the Call of Duty
stuff?" It's like, "Yeah, I do." And
they're like, "Are we ever going to like
sample that though? Are we ever going to
actually like use that in a thing? Cuz
here's the thing is we had a song um we
had a song
in 2012 or 2013 called Operation Swag
and we had sampled it in that
and um that never got released. No one's
ever heard that song. Um,
but that was where we originally used
it. And for the longest time, I like
didn't really want to think about this
recording cuz it felt it felt kind of
upsetting for some reason. Um, Kid does
drop the F slur a few times and uh
definitely wasn't able to
definitely wasn't allowed to, at least
at that time, as far as I knew. um stuff
like that, you know, real 12-year-old
2012 gamer moment type [__] And so for
the longest time, I was like kind of
like about this recording. I was kind of
like I got an ick from it. Um to a
degree I still do, but at the same time,
everyone was 12 years old. No, no one
know [__] knew anything. And um it
was definitely very relevant to this
whole album. in that like this this
album articulates this sort of like pop
culture gamer [__] as a way of like
um it's a sort of catharsis.
Um
and so we end I ended up using this
recording a bunch throughout the album.
You will hear it a lot throughout the
album. Um and it's weirdly endearing.
It's It kind of s again kind of sucks,
but also it's like weirdly endearing.
And I feel like I could only do this
because everyone was like 12 years old
at the time. I felt like if this this
were like full-blown adults acting like
this, this wouldn't be funny anymore.
This wouldn't be like acceptable
anymore.
Um yeah, you know, you'll hear that a
lot. Um,
be advised, hostile loot starting now.
[Music]
One shot, one kill. [__] a reload.
So, okay, here's a fun fact. Um,
the vocals for this song
[Music]
are not an octave up. Is the F slur part
of the sample at any point? I don't
think I used it in the album, that part.
Um,
I wouldn't necessarily have been opposed
to it. Um, because I can reclaim it, but
I I just didn't feel like it in this
case. Fler shows up a few times on this
album, but it's always me saying it, so
it's like whatever. Um, yeah, I don't
think I used the the recording of it.
Um, but
these vocals, so the the vid voice and
older songs, so stuff like Girls Who are
Wizards and uh, who it's there. Uh, you
should have had me say the f slur on
this album. You can if you want to. I
mean, now the album's done.
Hello, Ro. Hello. Hello. Hello, Bata.
Um,
uh, in past songs where I've done like
this pitchy voice, it's always been an
octave up, so 12 notes above what was
actually recorded. But the actual vid
voice that is done is actually six
semmit tones up. And in order for a lot
of this album to sound very accurate to
what Vid's voice was, I had to do it six
notes up. And what that means is I
actually couldn't record a lot of these
vocals at the actual key of the song. If
I take away the pitch shifting stuff,
it'll sound like this.
[Music]
And that's obviously not in key with the
song.
So, the way I did this was
I basically,
let's mute this really quickly.
The way I would do this is I would
record a version of the song like this.
[Music]
And then I would go to the sampled
version of the song, pitch it six notes
down.
And then it recorded that way. One shot,
one kill.
And then I would pitch it up again. Six
semmit tones to be this.
[Music]
I'm in love.
So
[Music]
that is how that was done. Um there are
occasionally sometimes in the album
where I do do the 12 semmit tones up. Um
that's usually when it doesn't matter
for the vid vocals to be, you know, as
accurate.
[Music]
in the background. There's a
just Black Ops 2 sound effects here.
And also, I took this from uh Jane
River's Pretender.
And what that is is actually um it's
technically uh Tracer from Overwatch,
her scream, her like falling sound
effect.
Let's see if I can reverse it. And you
can hear it.
[Music]
It's It's Tracer falling in Overwatch,
but for whatever reason, there's like a
weird glitch and distortion inside the
Jane Remover version of it. So, I just
decided to take it from Pretender
specifically.
Deadly force is authorized.
[Music]
So throughout a lot of this album, I
make my own growls. Um, but for this
specific part of the song, these growls
are actually samples. I didn't make
these ones.
And the reason why these ones aren't
ones that I made is because these come
from Monster Base um volume 2, I think,
which is a loot master sample pack. And
that is a sample pack I bought when I
was 13.
And I didn't end up using a lot of them
because it started to be sort of like
sacriiggious if you were using like
growl samples. Like you're supposed to
make all your growls from scratch.
And for the most part, I agree with
that. I think if you're going to be
making brostep music or any kind of bass
music, most of the sound design should
be your own.
Um, but I made a few exceptions on this
album and very specifically in just this
one segment because to me it's like I've
had these samples since I was really
little, since I was 13. And it it's like
I'd never let myself like use them a lot
because it's like, oh, that's naughty.
You can't do that. That's the cardinal
set of EDM right there. Yeah, there you
go. Um, but for this song I was like,
"Fuck it. I can do whatever I want. I've
proven myself. I know I'm good at sound
design. I want to use these sounds that
I've had since I was a child because
like they're like um really fulfilling
to me. I think they're really cute." So,
so those are samples. Now, the growls in
the other parts are not samples. So,
this thing here,
that's a growl I made.
And it's actually the way I do growls is
I usually will create a patch and I will
record myself [__] around with it for
a really long time. So here is actually
the entire recording that that comes
from. I can skim through it a little
bit.
I think this is pitch down too. Yeah.
Here's the here's a normal pitch
version.
[Music]
Oh. Oh, I like that.
I don't think I ever used this one in
the in the album. Man, that's a good
part.
Oh, man.
Oh, that's nice.
I think I still have the preset that I
made for this as well, so I could even
maybe show how this was made.
I don't always save the patches, but for
this specific one, I think I actually
did. Anyway, so I pitched it down and
used it like this.
[Music]
Um, and then over here is another part
of the growl.
Oo, I like that. That's one of my own
growls as well. Yeah. So, it's like to
justify using these sampled growls that
I didn't make, I did put in my own sound
design as well. But because this is a
pop song and not really even focused on
like, you know, broep sound design
stuff, I was like, this is one of those
opportunities where I can use these and
be like, I'm using that thing from my
childhood that I always wanted to use
but didn't feel like I was allowed to.
[Music]
Oh, and this this sound is actually a
growl that I made
[Music]
and it's using a massive It's using a
massive wave table. So, shout out
Massive cuz I put the massive wave
tables in Serum.
[Music]
I think this is really being carried the
most by
[Music]
actually that's pretty pretty reasonable
actually using Massive and Serum. Yeah.
Um, and serum one. I think this is Yeah,
most of the shaping of this is being
carried by this band pass. So, if I turn
this off, it sound like this.
Turn that band pass back on.
It's so much cleaner, so much more
shaped. So, so like the main base of the
song is technically like a growl.
Once I hear the fire of your heart,
baby.
[Music]
I'm scanning to see if there's anything
like really interesting in here. Oh yes,
this
this sound
which in context sounds like this
[Music]
and like this.
So, what this is is
[Music]
I wonder if I if people will even know
what this is without me explaining it.
Let me take off all the processing from
this.
[Music]
Does anyone know what that is?
It is one of the main songs from the
anime Todora.
I just took the little piano part and
the string part and use that as a
transitional thing.
So that's an interesting thing.
God damn son.
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh, also I made a bunch of these sounds
for this album.
Huge fan of the sound. I'm a huge fan of
this sound.
And in in context, it sounds like this.
[Applause]
So, stuff like that.
And yeah, for the vocals, the main
processing is
it's honestly a lot of just it it hinges
a lot on this OTT.
Uh, and this OTT, if I turn the OTT off,
it sounds like this.
25.
[Music]
I don't usually use OTT very much on
normal vocals, but for the vid vocals,
it helps like cuz it's so high pitched
that it just works out.
Um, just a high cut here, just a DS
here. Um, this is taking out a lot of
the raspy high-end that the OTT imparts
on it quite a bit.
Do you do field recordings for your
weird samples ever? Yeah, I have a whole
folder of field recordings I've done
here and here. Just all these.
I have a a Zoom H4 recorder.
And then last in the chain is is before
the OTT is just another proc.
If I take off all the processing that's
not pitch shifting, it sounds like this.
25 and I'm calling it one.
And yeah, we do have the uh where where
did I put those? Is that in the drum
track? On the drum track.
Where are they? I can't I don't know
where they are.
[Music]
Oh, it is here. There it is.
Even the this button here
is pitched to the song. I'll turn this
up so you can hear it in context bar.
[Music]
[Applause]
And also this base here
is a Nexus patch. Actually, it's an FM
patch.
[Music]
from the China Lake here playing a
Jersey Club.
And then in the drums here,
I turn off uh
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Is there I don't remember if there's
anything interesting about the drums.
It's just like
it's just Tracy breaks kick and clap
kick and clap
cuz it's it's perfect for that.
And I have this vengeance clap thing
imparting this little
[Music]
There is a CSGO uh gunshot in um
dual-headed hydronoid, so look out for
that one.
[Music]
So, one of these is this synth.
Something I made in Wavet.
[Music]
Another one is uh the silence patch I
made. Oh, no. This I didn't make this.
This is a preset. Hydrosphere.
And then
Stacked piano
[Music]
and the growl of course I made as well.
[Applause]
[Music]
Now, really quickly, I'm going to show
the growl cuz I think I know which one
that is. It says, so I think it's the
think I know where it is. Um,
here. And then here, and then here, and
then here. I think it's this one.
[Music]
This isn't this isn't the right one, but
this is a cool growl that I made.
Um,
[Music]
[Applause]
and also whenever I'm doing this, I'm
playing it on here.
Over
here, I'm using the pitch and mod
wheels.
[Music]
[Applause]
And the way this was made was
stretch the monster 2 wave table, slight
FM from oscillator B. This highp pass 12
with the notch filter here
does a lot of the vowel movement. If I
take this off
and then back on
um distortion tube distortion without it
sound like this.
Actually, that's not even doing that
very much, is it?
How about the compressor?
[Applause]
Actually, it might mostly just be
post-processing, but I do have these
doing a movement.
We can open the matrix so you can see
how much is being modulated here.
[Music]
Um,
a big part of what imparts the sounds
like quality is this this morph EQ and
not this one.
Where is it?
Where's that dastardly EQ?
Oh, we do have on the side.
This is doing a lot.
Um, I don't know where it is. It might
just be this morph EQ. So, what I have
what I have doing is
this is taking the envelope from over
here.
[Applause]
This EQ will start to move around based
on how loud the input signal is.
[Music]
[Applause]
That part is what gives it such a weird
quality. If I turn this morph EQ off,
sounds like this.
[Applause]
[Music]
Turn it back on.
A lot more vowels.
But if I wanted to push the vowels even
more, what you can do is throw an EQ4
somewhere before the distortion
and do stuff like this.
Make some peaks like this.
And then sweep around here.
[Music]
[Applause]
That's how you can add some more vowy
stuff without even doing any modulation.
[Music]
[Applause]
So, there's that. But that's not the
growl that I was thinking of. The growl
that I made that I used in that part of
the song, I think was O2.
Yeah. Here we go. This is the one I was
thinking of.
[Applause]
I want to cry. Cry.
Cry.
[Music]
So what is the one that makes this the
most different? I mean the chain is
pretty similar
or Q is the same and the main difference
looks to be the wave table the filter
shape
the wave the wave table is much noisier.
[Music]
And so basically what I do again is I'm
doing this here.
[Applause]
[Music]
What I'll be doing is I'll open up
another audio track
reample.
[Music]
Black
power
[Music]
brown.
And then basically cuz it's easier to
work with audio than it is for MIDI with
growls and stuff. You can just start
[Music]
You can just cut this up and start
making a drop out of it.
And part of what gets this to sound so
organic is that instead of programming
it like writing notes and doing
automation is I'm actually technically
performing it. That's how I'm able to
get such dynamic like movement out of my
growls.
Um, and of all my folders of stuff that
I've recorded, my growls folder is one
of the biggest.
This is all growls. Let's see. What does
this one sound like?
[Applause]
This was using filter verse.
[Music]
What else do we have in here? What is
modern gawking? Oh, this is this is
actually massive.
Some old old style crawls here.
[Music]
How about a more old style?
This This was definitely me doing like
old like 2011 like dubstep bases.
[Music]
Hey Gwen, someone asked where does the
all where does the it's all about the
game sample come from?
Which one?
I guess that's fair. But Oh, wait. I
just realized because it's my love as a
croscope, it can only be Dishy. Yeah.
Yeah. That's that's that's my friend
Dishy. That's our friend Dishy.
Dishy uh recorded a bunch of tags for
the album. This this album has a lot of
tags from all my friends.
So, a lot of times you're going to hear
voices. That's just like my friends.
What else? Oh, this was the first growl
I made in Massive in Serum 2.
[Applause]
Oh, this is the one I used for piece of
gley.
[Applause]
[Music]
Um, I make a lot of growls.
Um, I make a lot of growls. I The
furthest back that this goes is I think
home word.
Yeah, this is homeward stuff.
[Music]
That was stuff I was making for home
word. Oh, is this the cat? Are those the
cataclysm girls? There's the cataclysm
girls.
[Applause]
Power.
[Music]
Yeah, Cataclysm Girls next.
Um, oh, speaking speaking of um all of
your friends having things on this this
album, right? Yeah. I I I re I
relistened to to Dragonfly.
Um, yeah. Be careful what you say on
stream when they haven't heard it yet.
Can I say what my sample is?
Sure.
I I heard it this time and you took it
from the [__] I mean it's actually in
the it's in the horse friends vlog. It's
the the Hey, can I take ponies? I'm just
joking. I'm just joking. Yeah. Yeah. I
love that's really kind. Thank you. But
but then in the other song there's the
Gundam one which is like funny to me.
Wait, which Wait, what? Which Gundam
one? I don't remember. I'll have to tell
you later. I can't spoil it for
everyone. Oh, yeah. Fair, fair, fair.
But yeah.
Um, yeah.
I'm like, this is this is a fun album.
I'm very excited.
I think you should leave reference.
Oh. Oh, boy. Wait a minute. I think you
should leave reference. I mean, there
are there is an I think you should leave
reference, but is that in not in quick
scope?
No, they were talking about me saying um
I'm just kidding.
Oh [__] You're right. You're right.
You're right. Damn it.
I was I was confused for a second cuz
there is the the the fluffy tag. Uhhuh.
Which which also is a I think you should
leave reference. Yes. our uh our friend
Fluffy has showed us many many sketches
from I think I've watched the whole
thing also actually with record
kind
yeah this is this is a good album this
is my best album
uh
you know what would be funny is if
everyone if everyone even has Bruce if
everyone votes uh for a song on the
album that I play 10 seconds of or 5
seconds of it.
Guys, pick a song on the album. I'll
play the first 5 seconds of it.
Except the only ones that are off off
limits are Dragonfly and Jester. Can't
do any either of those ones,
Peace Lovely,
Corporate Illustration,
Wonk X. I already played Wonka XL
briefly. You've you've you've played so
much of Wonga Xile because of the
Minecraft thing.
You've played the first like 10 seconds
of it like so many times.
Oh, punk. Worst ghost fire. Worst rave
ever. Oh, that's two. Worst rave evers.
Oh, the three worst rave evers.
Deleted Hydronoid, I think. Oh [__] I
just I forgot why we show the song links
here.
Worst ever. Can I Can I
Can I say that lightning bolt? Uh, you
guys should put lightning bolt. I'm just
I'm just saying. No, I don't. No. Oh,
people want Worst Rave ever. Okay, we'll
do worst rave ever. I'll play it up to
the uh I'll play Worst Rave Ever up to
the uh to the you know the part. Yeah.
Let's go. M3 Productions presents a
Lucario Pictures original movie. Worst
ever
hardcore search and destroy.
There you go. That's worst rape ever.
That was more than 5 seconds.
That was 2 million years. They know the
whole album now. So, uh, if you all seen
the quick scope music video, you
probably saw very Oh. Oh, wait. I got to
I got to wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait.
Hold on
for
Okay, I'm going to talk about some stuff
on the music video that like people
probably missed, but there's a million
things in this music video. Um, but
right at the start here,
Those
[Music]
flash up on the screen for literally
just a second, but I can go through
these. So,
there's MW3 Productions.
Mew3 Productions. Um, before before
Violet Pony, there were a couple of
names that my my quote unquote brand
unquote was. The two main ones were um
well, my YouTube channel name was the
Cabalion, the Cobal Lion, one way or the
other. Um,
but I didn't really call myself that.
That was just cuz Kobalion was like one
of my favorite Pokemon at the time. Um,
but the two main names I went by were
MU3 Productions
and
Darkest Perival. Oh, well,
sorry, I was bring over here is
Lucario Pictures. And funny enough, this
thing here is pixelated because this is
actually the original logo for Lucario
Pictures from like 2010. Um,
so those were like the the brand names I
had was MU3 Productions, Lucario
Pictures. And then my username
in 2010 was Darkest Perival 95.
And that's my old YouTube channel. Look
at Look at when I joined
7-Eleven. Yeah, baby.
Crazy. Um,
man, I I miss when YouTube used to look
like this.
Um, but then there's also
the
the Pokemon fan clubs lore. RIP PSA
forever voted best fan club by gaming
ALR.
But um
also purely [__] gangsterradio.com.
Shut up. That's my website.
Um
also what the this [__] part here.
Hold on.
I spent a half hour just getting this to
happen
and it shows up for literally two
seconds. I spent a half hour on this.
[Music]
I also spent like at least an hour and a
half on just
Where is it?
Where is the
the UI,
the Black Ops 2 UI, I don't remember.
Shows up so briefly.
Also, yeah, that's my old that's my old
Instagram.
That's real.
Um,
I think it's right here.
Yeah, here we go.
So, this
I spent like an hour and a half making
this part right here.
You need to understand that like they
don't really have the Black Ops 2 assets
anywhere. You can't just look up Black
Ops 2 UI and just get a transparent
version of it. I basically had to track
down the assets and arrange this entire
thing from scratch.
I had to do this from scratch. It was a
major pain. And it only shows up for
like literally two seconds. Not only
that, but like if you look in the top
left corner, I even make the [__]
icon move with with the character.
That was [__] stupid. He's You might
have a little bit uh little bit of
perfectionism. Just a little. No, it's
fine. Um Okay. And then of course at the
end uh it does show up one more time. I
don't remember where it is again.
Uh
might be here.
Yeah. Then it shows up for like
literally just a few seconds here.
Not even a few seconds, just one.
Honestly,
um I also spent a long time doing this
situation
cuz this is this is all this is all
relevant.
So,
but
in worst rave ever.
That is what that is at the beginning.
M3 Productions presents a Lucario
Pictures original movie. MW3 Productions
and
uh Lucario Pictures. So, there's
Smoothie Productions and then there's
Lucario Pictures.
So, that's that lore.
Damn. I was going to play uh Doom, but
I've been talking about music for an
hour and a half
and it's almost 7 in the morning.
Probably won't get to that today, but
it's been fun talking about all this
stuff.
Um, the Gotacha profile picture, that
was Shad's idea.
I don't even know if Gacha Life was like
a thing in the era that we're discussing
right now.
When did [__] Gotcha Life come out? I
don't even know. It's not even a game
I've played. It's a game everyone else
has played.
Um,
was it was really funny. I mean, it's
fine. We can take liberties on this.
It's like totally fine.
Maple Story and what's that other one?
I think there's more than other more
than one other game that happened in the
in the before times.
October 2018. That's still kind of new.
Not new, but like new were
vid traveled in time just to play Gotcha
Life. Yeah, it's true, buddy.
Oh, that's a good point. Extra.
Surely,
Surely this was in the game back then.
Yeah,
I can't stand spaghetti.
Spaghetti there.
Oh, Shelly.
Where's Shelly? There's Shelly.
And when this part happens, the line is
speaking in Lee and that's like written
in Le
and it's written in WebDub.
Uh the WebDub symbols are perfectly
translatable to English.
So whenever those pop up, you can
technically those are reflecting what's
being said down here
as well.
Also, I'm sure everyone knows this, but
Oh, I was going to do pun, wasn't I? I'm
sure everyone knows this, but
this part of the video Hello.
[Music]
Obviously, obviously that's a reference
to this.
Please sing a song about life.
[Music]
It's crazy. This has almost 10,000
views. That's really funny.
Man, I miss when Violet made good music.
I miss when I made good music.
This is the sing a song about life
reference. Yeah, that's that's my old
YouTube channel.
This This is my This is one of my old
YouTube channels. Not the one that's in
the music video, like not the uh
this is not this one.
This is a different one. And this one's
gone, unfortunately.
I wish I didn't delete it, but this is
the other one that happened afterwards.
And yeah, that's where that comes from.
Sing a song about life.
[Music]
Yeah. Uh,
lesson I learned is no matter how bad
you want to delete stuff, sometimes you
regret deleting it, even if you don't
ever think it's ever going to be
applicable to you again.
So, you know, you know how it is.
I think I've said this before, but my
old YouTube, the Darkest Personal 95
YouTube channel,
um, a lot of that stuff can't be
recovered because I originally made the
videos using the YouTube video recorder
where it basically just tapped into your
webcam and you filmed a video from
YouTube.
So, it's not like I have the files saved
from that or anything.
I'll play a little Doom.
Just a little bit.
Ever so slightly. Little bit do.
Can't play too much.
Let's get the gaming on.
Wow,
[Music]
my army.
JPEG mafia virus.
Sav said gamer.
[Music]
But even though that old YouTube channel
is gone and a lot of that stuff is gone,
um,
part of this album is documenting it.
Documenting some of that stuff. So,
as gone as it is, it's going to like
live on a little bit in this album.
There are even some videos that I did do
for the old YouTube channel that's gone
and I do have that in the album to some
capacity.
In um falling in love with a corporate
illustration, I used a recording of me
from 2009
2010 saying the words darkest pal.
So that's just in the album. Two cosmic
relics detected nearby. Collect both to
proceed.
Well, the album's coming out very soon,
so you'll be able to talk about it very
soon.
This upcoming week we have uh Web Punk
and then the week after that we have the
album
Gru. I think starting up Doom has
automatically started the Gru neurons
because that entire conversation was
during Doom. It's the Goose game.
Gross neuron activation. Is this the new
Lego island? Yes.
Grouge.
Oh my god. Yummy meat.
Delicious.
Yeah, you boot it up and my brain just
like, "Oh yeah, remember Gru from
yesterday."
For the love and for the love of Gy
and all the little.
When are we getting this? Never. You
just got it. You literally just got it.
No, no, no. The whole song.
When are we getting the growl? The goo.
The growlum.
When are we getting the growlum?
Heat. Heat. Heat.
The dubstep growla monarch of grewers.
Sure. Sure. Whatever you want. Well,
technically whatever be wants.
Yeah. No.
GR of Grers.
What the [__] did you just say? Did you
say Grownarch?
Grownarch of Grewers
would be pretty cool. But what are we
getting in green of of Grews?
Okay.
You hate me. You hate me. You're so like
chuffed and proud of yourself right now.
I'm so chuffed.
You were the chuffed of Paradise of
Riveronut Valley.
Ow.
Super Gy World.
I'm just saying, what if one of the
Super Poly World simulations had a a
group?
But like why?
Why not? Because it's unusual and
different.
And is not everything in fairy tales
unusual and different?
Well,
I'm a victim of gross agonist syndrome.
What does this constitute?
Like, what the [__] does that mean?
That said, I'm just scared because I did
not realize
or even Yeah, that was that was
basically the bit of the night last
night.
Yeah, last stream we exposed everyone to
Gru for like there was like a 30 minute
Gr it was not 30 minutes, it was like a
Gru discussion for a while though. Um,
and we had a poll. Did you see the pole
batty?
You want to see the pole batty?
Um
uh looking for
Why
because they love Gru.
63% of Violet Pony fans love Gru more
than V. That's like not how to read the
metric even a little bit, but it's
Grues.
Gru's grcival 95
skate pieces.
This doesn't even have an S. This is
getting out of hand. Now there's 700 of
them.
Now there's 700 of us. Violet Pony fans
are forever bound to losing the game.
Not even. What is Gru, guys?
Need a gooseb. Let's not have this
conversation again. We already did.
Violet, you need like a Gru button. Like
the same as the Yahi button, right? But
if it just shows a picture of Gru, like
I don't.
You do. You just tell everyone what
Bruce is.
Who [__] pushed me off the ledge
here?
What was that?
It was just waiting to die.
Carl Marx failed to consider Gru,
I guess. So,
I am going to land this Gru.
I feel like the thing is is that's
factual is like he definitely didn't
consider Gru.
Like that's like definitely true.
Definitely true. Just
like Yeah.
But what if he did? He didn't.
But what if he did? Because Tracy
invented the name.
What if Carl Mars What if Carl Mars
invented the name Bruce and just gave it
to Tracy in like a dream? He didn't.
Acquired. One remaining. Okay.
Okay.
Okay. Is now.
No longer shall we motorcycle. No motor.
cosmos. Okay.
A Gundam with like a psycho frame in the
middle of it. Okay.
Did you hear all of me and me, Fluffy,
and Regger Store re like redid so many
Tim Robinson's bits as Unicorn Gundam?
Like so many of them. Wow.
We were just like doing that for like a
while. There's so many voice messages.
If you go back, it like it's really
kind. I think that is a sincere
kindness, dude. I thought like uh like
the FX like was fighting over there. You
thought the Fenix was fighting over
there? Yeah. Like you do you know that
bit? I don't know if Fluffy showed that
was. No. Okay. I thought that was like a
little unicorn Gundam dancing on the
table.
That's a good bit. Why not? Does that
one have I don't think it does. I don't
know.
I'm really scared that the Gru doesn't
think people can change.
You know I you I just had a scary
thought.
Sloppy Bruises. Okay. You're going to
hell on earth. What if there's like
Okay.
What if there's like processed juices
that you could eat? What grocery store?
We're going to the grocery store.
Hey, do you want
a scary sentence?
Do you guys think the Brony fandom was
making a coming back or it never died?
What? I can't tell what bit this one is.
It wasn't anything. Someone in chat just
said that. Wait, what? Someone in chat
just said that. I hope the brony fandom
isn't coming back.
And by that I mean # bronies. I don't
mean MLP fans. I mean # bronies if you
know what I mean. Oh yeah. Yeah. Uh,
someone said baddy to get
her.
I don't think that's bad.
Baddy, I'm just saying
you got you got a big you got a big
money maker in here. The people love
rubies.
A good goose that does not go flying out
the window while I'm driving. Why did
you make it more dramatic all of a
sudden?
Have a flare for it. Okay. Like
Okay.
Yeah. You mean you did? Okay. Well, you
know what you actually need? Wait, wait.
You know what you actually need?
You need You need Violet. You need
Violet Nerdle. Violet Nerdle merch.
The question of Wait, what's with Bruce?
There is not even There is not enough
time in any stream to answer that
question in full. Wait, what's wrong
with Were some of them weirdos?
Oh.
Oh,
I don't want to explain, bro. But
yeah, in short 4chan, yeah, I'll go with
that person.
There's like
there's like a reason that one of
4chan's dedicated boards is just for My
Little Pony. It's because all the
bronies are there and they all [__]
suck.
No, they're all angels actually. They
love everyone.
To me, there's a difference between
someone who likes My Little Pony and a
brony trademark.
Yeah. Yeah. Very big difference.
Cuz I I love I mean you as well love My
Little Pony and And I not calling myself
a brony, not going to do that. Yeah,
I am not a part of the Bron fandom.
I just like My Little Pony and my work
is inspired by it.
I think we have this conversation every
two streams now.
Yeah, it's true.
I still have Baddy. I want you to know I
still have your nerds in that locket
necklace.
Why? Um
because why not? I don't have anything
else to put in there. I don't like wear
it actually. I just have it. It's just
there. It just sits there with nerd.
If I actually wore it, I would probably
put like different art in it, but like I
don't. So
Oh.
emoji [__]
I might be [__] We're going to find
out.
There's like no health anywhere.
What is that?
Well, I have a thing.
There we go.
Oh, why not use the [__] thing? Why
not? Come over here.
Give me that.
I am surprised I didn't die. I've died
to lesser things in this game.
I'm surprised.
I'm the surprise. Baba,
not even chat. I might outcrunk
Tiberious. We'll post updates. You're
definitely not going to do that. But
that's okay.
The crunk lord like
Both relics acquired. Proceed to the
central lift.
No one out crunkies the Russ
had aspirations here in life.
Give me my doom dollars.
Oh,
it's the tomb of Squirrelby.
Okay, wait. Can I maybe find the wolves?
Batty aka Groo.
Huh?
Stop hitting.
You mean you cry? Bruce cries.
Little grooves shaped tears.
G
jeel.
Relax.
What does that even do? Where am I? What
am I even doing in this area? You're
swimming. You're just having fun.
It's enrichment.
Oh,
okay. BRV.
my brain right now.
So, I want to get up there.
And this rotates
that way.
Oh, I did not have to do all that just
to get up here.
What are you
Oh, okay.
Pronoun soldiers. Okay, but where are
the wolves?
I'm looking
for the wolves.
This might be a task.
me when I'm Arya.
I suppose so.
Okay.
I don't have to find the wolves.
Hi.
Didn't I just kill these guys?
But where are the wolves? Hello back.
That's a wa
baba.
Gaba Gaba
Bubba Bubba Baba. Hello.
Was I just trolled?
What? What is this map?
[Music]
Oh, I get it. The rooms repeat each day.
What is
But isn't this supposed to like light up
when I look over there?
Cuz it's not.
Oh.
Okay, so it was trolling me.
But that wasn't quite a wolf, was it?
I'm looking. I'm collecting the wolves.
I can't be too loud right now, but if I
could be, I'd be I'd be howling at the
moon.
Wolf,
I think it opened.
I think I found the hidden walves.
Holy flip flap.
We did it.
I have not given a [__] to try and do
all the wolf challenges, but I did that
one, I suppose. Okay.
Oh, hello.
What the [__] is Thanks, indecisive
Count Dooku. Oh my god, that's someone's
in the chat's name.
Shout out indecisive Count Dooku.
So curious as to how to open these.
It's presently I don't see any telegraph
suggesting
as to what I'm supposed to do to open
this,
but I could just be stupid.
Don't ever underestimate stupidity.
What is the way
Oh, there's something up there.
Oh, okay. Well, I see what that's doing.
Presumably that opens the ones the next
of it.
Okay.
Give me my toys.
[Music]
Okay.
Substantial video game activities.
I'll be having that. How do I do that?
TDA stands for the dark ages. Yeah.
Where the [__] Help.
Want to go there?
Okay. Well, that wasn't really anything,
but
I use this so much, so I may as well.
[Music]
The stars bleed and the void calls.
Yes. Assemble the toys.
[Music]
I'm I'm often doing this Personally,
I've been eating popcorn seeds for
hours.
Excellence.
Heat.
[Applause]
Where are you going to make attack?
Heat.
Lava de
put the Boy, it's
it's nest.
Yeah, of course.
Oh, the marshes.
It is sort of an evil anemity.
Toys.
Gross marketable plushy. When
towies
gross skin grey
I'm not gross. I'm like someone else.
Gross and steal.
Oh,
okay.
Let's open it and die. I don't know. You
know, I don't know me. I I didn't do
anything. I don't know what you're
talking about.
Oh, what if it was like that? What if
like in greasy sit?
What? What if? What if?
What if it was Gruie? Android. And
that's the best part about it. But what
if it was Gruie to Android Grown?
No reference AI.
I would believe it.
Gru dollar. I mean doom dollars. [__]
kind of like a creature. It's kind of
like a creature.
Isn't that the G? Isn't that the Isn't
that the grudy of it all? The goose. The
goose beauty. I don't Okay. Sure.
Sure.
You know, I think give it like 5 years
and I'll have you making a group album.
Nope. I just feel like infect your mind.
It's like, oh, I have to make a group
album. I just have to make a group
album.
You're so thrilled about this.
See? See? Gratty. Bruce. Batty agrees
with me. Gratty.
Gratty. Gratty.
You brought this upon yourself. Baddy. I
mean, Gratty.
No, no, no.
Gus pony. We have this actually. You
really have to put grew pony on the
sidebar, please. I don't.
Okay, we don't have to, but you could.
What if instead of the classic guy
facing the water?
You're so You're having a fun time with
your everything.
Are they kind of are kind of Thank you.
But thank you, D. I'm not calling you
that. Thank you, Baddy. Wait, is it like
a grew type?
A grew type,
dude. The Grunicorn Gundam was great.
Reallyorn.
The
the grundom. The group
Someone said drinking drinking grues
juice.
I'm sorry. That is my philosophy. I can
only help with Bruce is
my brain is getting bruised right now.
Y'all don't even know.
Is juicing Brucees ethical or is it
actually a moral imperative?
Why is everyone saying
the G is the
Yeah, the G paradox.
Oh,
I didn't have the grooy of it all. [__]
What? I didn't mean to say grooy. I
meant to say beauty. Like a normal
thing.
Like a normal thing. I didn't want to
say person cuz that's like not even
true. It's true. But you're not. Yeah.
I'm like a type of bug when you think
about it.
Yeah.
Why are you trolling? Why you just hop
up there like that?
Give me that.
Someone said we need a goose fic. No, we
don't. I I was about I was about to read
that out. Hey, can you Hey, when you do
fairy tales, can you like add a nod to G
in there? I'm just saying. No.
I mean, what if Meridian was was like
that could be like a subtle change like
just like rename Meridian to Gr or
something? Just subtle like that. Yeah.
[Music]
I am currently hitting the gruy.
What if that one Tiberious video was
like, "Hey, Gru. Hey, Gru." Who? Wait,
what if
what? Dex's favorite. Dex's favorite. I
don't know why Dex hates that video,
too. I don't I don't know either. I
mean, I kind of get it, but I don't
know. I don't even think it's a fit. I
think I think just doesn't like it.
Hey, can I be so honest? I someone like
had Violet Pony in their message. Like I
read it in my brain and my brain
corrected it as Bruce Pony. So I think
I'm too far gone. You are? Well, you've
been too far gone, but for that's for
completely different reasons.
What are you talking about? I don't know
what you're talking about. God, remember
that Gruna still exists. I should go
find Gruna.
It's not I don't have it in my files on
this computer. I'd have to go find in
Discord messages. I don't want to do
that right now.
Loving Gru Step new album by Goose Pony.
It's Grit Pony. Violet Puce. That's not
even like a That's not even Gru even.
BRB. My goose levels are too low.
Something's wrong.
Everyone's obsessed.
Everyone loves Gru. I'm scared.
Get my gestrogen shot. Uh-huh.
I'm losing my goose bowls. Uh-huh.
Groo
stop sign again. They love it. The
popcorn
I think.
He drew He drew Babies for this.
Can I see it?
Fabris look like
Hold on.
Not really. They just also start saying
I sp like a goose mine. Let her half the
goo. Oh.
Oh,
baby.
Beautiful babble.
Hey, Glenn. What are you going to look
at
in stream
or like in the VC chat stream? You know
what I mean? Or bad types. Oh god. Can
you show chat this? I have to switch my
input. I know. It's a whole thing. You
love it.
I know it's a whole thing, which is what
makes it better, I think.
Hi.
You should be
[Applause]
But you love it.
You love it.
Baby Gruce. There's baby Gru.
Gru as a child. No, that's just Gru as
Okay, can I give you some Gru lore right
here? All right, Gru Gruce asexually
reproduces. Um, and there's also
infinite Grues. And of all the sizes,
there's infinite sized Gruses. And
there's infinite of each size. So,
there's like so many gruesy
win. Scary.
Make a charm of that. If Baddy, you
should make a charm of Gru baby.
Gruce undergoes mitosis. It's like
Alcatraz.
Alcatraz did this.
I hope you're happy. Okay. I Sorry,
Gwend. You should be. Don't even No,
don't be sorry. Don't be sorry at all,
Daddy. It's beautiful and it's all for
Gr
for like I say 20 minutes. Why are we
still talking about Gru?
This is completely your fault, chat. All
right, you guys. Completely Chad's
fault. Gr is the one who brought it up
in the Stop talking about it. I like
stopped talking about Gru after like a
couple sentences, but they just love
Bruce. They love Gru so much.
Bruce is responsible for the black hole.
Actually, I think I brought it up. So,
my bad y'all.
What do you mean? What do you mean you
brought it up?
Last stream we also talked about. Every
game is going to be no
better.
Someone said doom equals grues. And
honestly that might be true which is
really evil. Doom the gru ages. Doom the
gru ages.
[Music]
Heat.
You know how we cruise it.
We've been I think there's been like at
least semiconstant conversation about
gurus for like 40 minutes now. Yeah.
And I think that's really scary. I
believe it.
Okay, someone said, "Honestly, if you
want to kill off Cruz, drop off pill for
killing Bruce or something." I don't
think you realize what that would do.
You know how we'd like our dead
characters around.
It would make too
Okay, I should get ready to ride bikes.
Uh uh. Uh
I can like totally get in there like in
real life, but oh well.
Doom person is large.
Doom character of unspecified gender.
Yeah, he's
bro.
Like I'm growing. Oh, you're growing.
I'm going to grow so large.
I think that's where we came from.
Okay.
Oh,
what is the [__] even happening here?
Wait,
green type situation.
said, "Man, I'm green." Man, I'm green.
There's like a green type situation
going on in here.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Chris, get the banana.
Give me my toys.
Like,
wait, have these things supposed to be
cocker demons?
What?
These are These are apparently kaka
demons.
The brains are.
Did Did we know this? Were we aware of
this?
I think chat's still focused on Grus.
No time for doom lore.
That be said, good lord.
[Music]
Shout out to Epic Money World, which is
where we are right now.
Oh. Oh.
What? There's G. There's Bruce in main
Discord chat, too.
God, why did you have to make the Bruce
takeover happen?
Why is Why is there like inverted? No,
this isn't even inverted. What the [__]
is this?
This is like a two day type situation.
Why does it look like this?
What the [__] is that?
Oh,
they're doing things to it. I need to
check the chat.
Look at Where did they even get an image
of Gru? Oh, someone you showed it
before. Someone probably screenshotted
it, but Oh my god. Well, also Gru is in
the pre-order of the album, so Oh, also
true. I forgot about that. Yeah.
[__] I'm Gru flow.
Okay,
I'm going to ignore. I'm going to ignore
Gru OC. I'm just going to ignore. I'm
just going to I'm going to make a I have
a Grusona.
Where's my Grusona? I don't need to hear
that. I don't need to hear that. You
know, you know what it is, right?
It's um
it's Ruth G. Sexy Senior.
Press J.
Why is there jelly in your box private?
Uhhuh. Why are we putting full metal
back in? When did that happen? That's
scary.
[Applause]
anomalies detected.
Oh, strange.
Why did I get super active?
Because it's really a big deal. It's
Yeah, I was also I was also going to
post that
beautiful.
I told him that Grus is any pronouns.
This is true, by the I just need to make
it known.
It make me sleep.
My goose mean my my goose means I like
it. Shadow Gru.
No.
How much Gru do you have? I think I
don't know this person in the stream.
They're making it as the grues are being
created. Can someone make you get fatter
but get grueser? Means I hate it. What
do you mean? Can we make Bruce fatter?
What is happening? What are you any of
you saying to me? Can we make Grus get
fatter?
Dear Grus, forgive me of my trespasses.
Thank you for this meal.
Group should get fatter. Group should be
growing.
Oh, this is incredibly scary, but also
really kind.
Shadow the Gri
in the lore. The different variations of
just because of genetic variations and
errors during mitosis. Wow. They're
making brute lore. What? What? You're
making Gr.
I have nothing to say to any of you
here. Every group picture is
personalized.
That Gruth rot is real.
Things are happening. I'm really scared,
but it's also really fun to watch.
Again, it's really funny because we had
been bringing up Gru for like the past
couple of months on stream. Like Gru has
been a bit for several months, but it
was only yesterday that like everyone
became fully privy to it.
Show them first.
Gru's tattoo idea.
Sorry. Sorry. Look at room. Daddy said I
can't process any hair.
It's just the word grooves. It's like
really dodgy written. Locked on. She's
inside the temple. What the
f
You're okay.
I'm not. Hey, can you look in the room?
Oh my god. Okay. Well, that was pretty
good. The G fatter is pretty good.
It's It's okay. It's okay.
This is really beautiful. I think
You're okay. I get so Oh, gorb.
Oh my lord.
Oh my god. This is really beautiful. You
guys are literally killing bee right
now. I'm so scared. Do you hear the
violence you're causing? Are you proud
of yourselves? Look at it.
That was really kind.
You're okay.
B.
Are you okay?
Yes. Like actually. Yes. This is really
beautiful.
Oh, this is really beautiful.
Literally, you're losing your marbles
right now.
Okay, I'm like fine now. Um
I
like said like okay. Why is it doing
this?
I cannot wait to tell Records Door about
this.
Why scary pony? G did it say gise.
Why scary grues pony? Oh yeah, there is
scary grew slip pony. Don't worry.
Scary.
Sorry. What is this? What the [__] is
this?
That's scary.
Oh, that's top five videos. Very frame.
Oh, I didn't mean to.
They I here. Whatever. I just need
Yeah, I knew this was going to happen.
You did? No, in game. Oh, okay.
This is my group soda. His name is
Fungus and he's tied. Oh. Oh, he really
is.
We talk about this gift. Why? I'm
electing to ignore everything.
What? Oh.
Oh, wow.
top five.
Yeah. No, I see it. Don't worry. You
don't have to worry about it.
No,
I'm
When do these characters end?
Yo, hello pet.
I don't know what's going on. Neither do
I.
I wake up and it's just only grooves
everywhere.
Okay, I'm alive. Um,
yeah, Fungus Bruce is really kind. I
really like Fungus Bruce. That was
really funny when I saw it. Gwen, you
really Gwen, you have you Gwen, you can
look at the most recent gift I've sent.
Yeah, that really that should go on the
sidebar. I'm just saying
I'm moving on.
The transformation.
The spinning one. No, the one where it's
flat. It's like changing between Oh, the
one where it's changing between like
regular Bruce and Bruce.
Anyway, look at look at happy fungus
Brucelet.
Wait, it's so happy. Why is it so joyous
kind?
Why is there a radiated Gru?
Everyone call me Gru.
It's the next
dinner's ready.
Oh,
I don't Oh, wow. That is a That's a
thing. A Oh. Oh.
Why eat me? So you just got So you just
got eaten.
Why you eat me? Oh, chapter complete.
Hey guys, I have a gift I think we
should talk about.
I don't want to talk about that,
honestly.
[Music]
Oh, I just got a first I just got my
first notification that said reacted gru
to your message and I'm That's kind of
scary.
I can't goose for much longer. Please
remember me when I cry.
Okay, this is terrible. I hate to end
this on such an incredible note, but I
think I'm done streaming.
Don't tell people this no more. You are
uttering words already spoken.
Baba city. Okay. Um like like
bye absolute grunima.
Goodbye stream. Like bye. Goodbye bye. I
guess griff by